So now I'm going to kind of make some extra room here in our timeline, because we're working with one
to seven different layers for this specific project.
And we like that because why, as an editor, we like to have options.
Right.
So let's go ahead and start playing this through and see what are different angles are looking like.
I'm actually going to switch the resolution playback quality from full to half, even though I'm using
proxies on my computer.
There's still so much data in this multiple layered track that it's lagging a bit.
So this should fix the problem if that is ever happening to you on any of your edits.
You can use the resolution playback and you can go down even to one fourth resolution so that it plays
back more smoothly.
So we have this take.
I'm going to turn this down a bit.
And something that I'm kind of looking for right off the bat for the beginning of this is what we would
call a wide shot or an establishing shot.
If we start the video like this, there's no context for the viewer to pick up on.
There's no information that's been given that shows.
Who am I looking at?
What am I looking at?
Where is this happening?
When is this happening?
All of those questions that they're not really going to consciously ask themselves, but they're going
to view it and they'll be feeling that.
So if we want to give our viewer answers as the chef that we are, we want to use an opening shot that's
going to set the tone, set the vibe, and it's also going to set and give the proper amount of information
that we want to give.
So so I'm going to keep that in mind that this green one is a possible opening shot.
We also have this.
Oh, and by the way, the way I'm seeing in these different layers is I'm turning off the visibility
of each track that I don't want to see, and that's going to drop down the view to the track below it.
OK, I really like the sun flares off these bottom two takes, to be honest.
Artistically, I would choose these, but I was filming this.
So I do remember what was going on during the shoot day, which is nice to know when you are editing
a project.
These were our first two takes and she wasn't really warmed up yet.
So I know that there's no way, no matter how much I move around these first few notes that she's playing
on the violin, it's not going to sync up.
So our next option and sadly, we can't use these two.
I really like the establishing of this.
It establishes we're in the woods.
You get to see the whole scene.
You get to see the kind of set design that we have of the speakers.
You get to see the kind of immensity of how big the force looks and how tiny she is in this cool backdrop.
And we have some nice foreground here as well.
This whole thing was shot on a Steadicam.
So we'll be using really smooth camera movement throughout and of course, refining some of these movements
by doing a post-production layer of stabilization.
So that'll be at the end.
But let's focus here on choosing our opening shot.
So what I can do now is peel back these layers.
And remember, this is the rough edit that we're putting together so we don't need to have a super high
frequency is cutting this shot, this shot, this shot.
We want to make a really gradual, easy pass on the whole edit and have cut change, cut change.
And then on our second edit, we'll make a higher frequency of cutting and changing and really maximizing
all the different camera angles.
And this is a really kind of slow moving Symfony piece, kind of the exact opposite of the past few
edits we've been doing together.
So this is not going to be a hype edit.
OK, we're going to follow and listen to her performance and use that as the deciding factor on when
to cut.
So let's move all of our edits over to when the tone of the song changes.
Right, there is the perfect moment to do that.
So let's take a look at the performances and angles that we have.
OK, that one's OK, that one's OK.
It looks like we go a little bit out of focus there, so let's see what else we got.
That's kind of cool.
We're not going to be using that, so let's scoot out of the way.
Even that one is pretty cool.
I like this purple one.
Eat.
So what I'm going to do is make a cut on our main shot so far.
A.
Let's see what's below it.
So that one is blurry, so.
So that looks pretty darn good.
Let's keep moving here and from listening to the track, the next cut would be right where we see this
this peak.
So.
Right here where she starts another phrase.
So right there, they're going to mark that, and what we're doing right now is we're kind of working
our way in from a wide shot to a medium shot to now.
It would be really cool to then show a Close-Up shot.
So that's that was that's pretty cool.
That looks pretty nice.
Let's see our options, though, is.
Infini, not as much of a fan of that one, so I'm going to peel it back out of the way.
I don't know what I'm doing on this tag, but this ain't working and we're not going to be using that
shot for a while.
No, we don't need another wide shot in this one.
Let's see what we got here in.
I'm not mad at that one, so we kind of whittled it down between two different shots.
So we have the
kind of close up there and then we have really the really close, close up.
I really like both of these shots.
So why don't we keep both for now?
And maybe we can cut these together.
It's because I really like her facial expression, and that's what you're really you're cutting on,
you're cutting on emotion.
You're cutting on what is driving this story forward.
And what is really captivating or telling the audience how to feel.
So that shot we've just used right here, let's see.
OK, that works for me.
And we're going to see what's below here.
OK, so let's mark where our next cut is going to be.
It right there.
So you can see I just put a marker there because we're really just following the wave and the different
peaks and troughs of her performance.
That's a lot better.
OK.
This is our next cutting point right here.
I'm going to add a marker and let's go ahead and move everything out of the way.
And I'm going to speed things up here a little bit in the edit, because for this project specifically,
I don't want too much of your time to be focused on the rough edit phase.
I really want to get to the refining and upgrading process in the secondary edit.
So we're going to kind of time lapse and skip forward a little bit here.